Dad, trust me
Hmm old man
Don't be deceived by him.
Yeah, Dad
You said you were going to break off the father-son relationship with him
shut up
Son, Dad knows that you have been wronged over the years
But it is also to train you into talent as soon as possible
I hope you don't blame Dad.
I don't blame you.
But they tried to kill me.
He also bullied me and raised me
I have to get justice.
Forget it, Can'er
Don't make my house unpleasant for me
If you dare to bully you and Can'er, you should be punished
That Canger
I'm up to you what you want to do with them
They bullied my foster mother and should kowtow and apologize
They tried to kill me in the hospital
Go to prison to repent and atone for your sins
XiaoLi
It is the child of our Jiang family who has been in pain since childhood
Did you kneel down and go to jail with just one word?
How can you let him live in that place?
What about me? How have I lived all these years?
The old man just wants to seize the property
There is no room for us orphans and widows
shut up
Can'er is not the kind of person with a small belly
You must be angry
Can'er's father will definitely get justice for you
But Dad remembers that tomorrow is your birthday, Mom.
Do you still remember my birthday?
Dad has been watching you all these years
I've always wanted to take you back to the Jiang family
It just so happens that tomorrow is your birthday.
Let Dad make up for all these years of regret first
After your birthday
Announce that you will take over the Jiang family and then deal with it
Their mother and son are not ashamed
Before birthday
I don't want to spoil the party.